docs: durable storage azure cleanup (#15120)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/security.md

## Permissions for durable storage

The MSQ task engine can use Amazon S3 or Azure Blog Storage to store intermediate files when running queries. To upload, read, move and delete these intermediate files, the MSQ task engine requires certain permissions specific to the storage provider. 

### S3

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for pushing,  fetching, and removing intermediate stage results to and from S3:

> - `s3:GetObject` to retrieve the intermediate files. Note that `GetObject` also requires read permission on the object that gets retrieved. 
> - `s3:PutObject` to upload intermediate files.
> - `s3:AbortMultipartUpload` to cancel the upload of intermediate files
> - `s3:DeleteObject` to delete intermediate files when they're no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `s3:GetObject` to retrieve the files. Note that `GetObject` also requires read permission on the object that gets retrieved. 
- `s3:PutObject` to upload files.
- `s3:AbortMultipartUpload` to cancel the upload of files
- `s3:DeleteObject` to delete files when they're no longer needed. 
```

### Azure

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for pushing, fetching, and removing intermediate stage results to and from Azure:

> - `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/read` to read and list the intermediate files.
> - `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/write` to write intermediate files.
> - `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/add/action` to create intermediate files.
> - `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/delete` to delete intermediate files when they're no longer needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/read` to read and list the files in durable storage 
- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/write` to write the files in durable storage.
- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/add/action` to create files in durable storage.
- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/delete` to delete files when they're no longer needed.
```

## Permissions for durable storage

> The MSQ task engine can use Amazon S3 or Azure Blog Storage to store intermediate files when running queries. This can increase its reliability but requires certain permissions.

Reviewer: The usefulness of durable storage shouldn't be repeated here IMO. It should be added when pitching the durable storage, and reiterating it in permissions isn't necessary.

What we should add, however, is the general reason why we'd want the permissions. So something along the following lines might be cleaner in this section. 

WDYT?

```suggestion
The MSQ task engine can use Amazon S3 or Azure Blog Storage to store intermediate files when running queries. To upload, read, move and delete these intermediate files, MSQ requires certain permissions specific to the storage provider. These permissions are listed below  
```

These permissions are required if you configure durable storage. 

### S3

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for pushing and fetching intermediate stage results to and from S3:

- `s3:GetObject`
- `s3:PutObject`
- `s3:AbortMultipartUpload`

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for removing intermediate stage results:

> - `s3:DeleteObject`

Reviewer: We should clump it with the permissions above, we should provide justification for each permission for consistency.

### Azure

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for pushing and fetching intermediate stage results to and from Azure:

- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/read`
- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/write`
- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/add/action`

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for removing intermediate stage results:

> - `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/delete`

Reviewer: nit: Same comment as above.

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for pushing,  fetching, and removing intermediate stage results to and from S3:

- `s3:GetObject` to retrieve the files. Note that `GetObject` also requires read permission on the object that gets retrieved. 
- `s3:PutObject` to upload files.
- `s3:AbortMultipartUpload` to cancel the upload of files
- `s3:DeleteObject` to delete files when they're no longer needed. 

### Azure

The MSQ task engine needs the following permissions for pushing, fetching, and removing intermediate stage results to and from Azure:

- `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/read` to read and list the files in durable storage 

> - `Microsoft.Storage/storageAccounts/blobServices/containers/blobs/write` to write the files in durable storage.

Reviewer: super nit: "the files" is used in these two sentences, while the rest omit the use of the article. Similarly in the block above
